README.md, before:

# Online Bookstore

This is a simple online bookstore web application built using Python and Flask.

## Features

- Display a catalog of books with details such as title, author, genre, price, and cover image.
- Search for books by title or author.
- Add books to a shopping cart.
- View the contents of the shopping cart.
- Clear the entire shopping cart.

## Prerequisites

- Python installed (version 3.6 or higher)
- Flask framework

## How to RUN

1. Checkout the project from git
2. On CMD navigate to the project directory
4. Execute "python app.py"
5. Open your web browser and visit http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to access the online bookstore.

## Usage

- Navigate to the home page to view the catalog of books.
- Use the search functionality to find specific books by title or author.
- Click "Add to Cart" to add a book to your shopping cart.
- View your shopping cart by clicking on the "Cart" link.
- Clear your entire shopping cart by clicking the "Clear Cart" button.

# Assignment 2

## Deployed website

http://syarifh.pythonanywhere.com/

![Screenshot 2024-01-17 013336](https://github.com/FirdausHakimii/Group-7/assets/148948107/1934fac5-98b0-4928-85ba-6c80cbeb968b)

Commit message:

Update README.md (Assignment 2 Updated)

README.md, after:

# Online Bookstore

This is a simple online bookstore web application built using Python, Flask and SQLAlchemy.

## Features

- Display a catalog of books with details such as title, author, genre, price, and cover image.
- Search for books by title or author.
- Add books to a shopping cart.
- View the contents of the shopping cart.
- Clear the entire shopping cart.

  Assignment 2 updated
- First time user sign up.
- user login and logout.
- Checkout books in cart.

## Prerequisites

- Python installed (version 3.6 or higher)
- Flask framework

## How to RUN

1. Checkout the project from git
2. On CMD navigate to the project directory
4. Execute "python app.py"
5. Open your web browser and visit http://127.0.0.1:5000/ to access the online bookstore.

## Usage

- Navigate to the home page to view the catalog of books.
- Use the search functionality to find specific books by title or author.
- Click "Add to Cart" to add a book to your shopping cart.
- View your shopping cart by clicking on the "Cart" link.
- Clear your entire shopping cart by clicking the "Clear Cart" button.

  Assignment 2 updated
- Click "Login" to direct to login page.
- Insert username and password to login.
- First time sign up by clicking the "sign up" on the login page.
- Click "logout" to logout from account.
- Click "Proceed to Purchase" to complete the purchase.

# Assignment 2

## Deployed website

http://syarifh.pythonanywhere.com/

![Screenshot 2024-01-17 013336](https://github.com/FirdausHakimii/Group-7/assets/148948107/1934fac5-98b0-4928-85ba-6c80cbeb968b)
